Yesterday, my fisherman-driver friend Johnny invited me to his house for a session of "Uraak", followed by dinner. I know Johnny almost since the day I arrived here, may be from the next day onwards. In the morning when I sued to go for my run on the beach last year in March, I saw Johnny working along his crew on one of the fishing boats.

The crew did not have the diesel engine powered winch at that time and the boat needed to be pushed hard manually to bring it on higher ground and I started helping them pushing the boats out on the shore. I would match my run timings and then wait for the boat to come. This was the least I could have done to help the locals where I was going to stay for some time (though at that time I did not know that I woudl survive here for 14 months and 5 days).

It was my way of paying the debts forward.

Jhonny was always the quitest of them, though they all belonged to one extended family. And then later I learnt that boat did not belong to Jhonny and he was merely one of the crew members.

Sometime in September, Jhonny opened up, after 6 months or so and started sharing a little bit of personal things.

Before that we celebrated Sao Joao and San Golda festival together, watched the local football matches in early monsoon and whenever he would see me walking down, he would offer me a lift on his scooter.

Then the tourist season started and on 2nd October 2018, I gave Johnny the first taxi rental
 gig of his season, when we both went together to airport to fetch one of my friends from airport.

During the tourist season till April, Jhonny was very busy and our interaction was limited to waiving at each other on seeing or else talking on phone, if any of my friends were coming over and I would give the taxi-ride to Johnny. During that period, once we went to Mapusa together in his cab in the morning of 2nd December and broke bread together for the first time.

In May he started constructing an upper floor to his home and once I helped him bring the TMT steel rods to the construction sites, both of us pulling the heavy rods over our shoulders. Since then he has been talking about giving me "Fish-Thaali" treat.

During the mango season, I gave him a lot of mangoes which I had picked and it gave me immense happiness just o imagine how my friend and his family would be relishing those most amazing mangoes, called "Mankhurd".

Yesterday, as I was standing on the beach, I saw Johnny coming towards me with one more guy, along with his kids. A coupld of times in last few days, he tried to call me on my mobile, after seeing me ont he beach from far,but since I do not carry my mobile, I could see the missed-calls only after coming back.

Johnny then introduced me to his brother-in-law and we stood talking for a while and then Johnny invited me to his house to have "Uraak" with his brother-in-law, so as to give him some company; this is because Johnny does not consume any kind of alcohlic drink.

He came ot pick me up and then we had a nice chat over "Uraak", friend Chicken and Samosas. Though I do not eat chicken, but an exception can always be made for a dear friend and I took all the portions which were offered to me.

Dinner was amazing Prawns-Curry, rice and local bread. I could have kept on eating more, but due to the drink, I was feeling filled up.

We parted, with a promise to meet again soon!


